docs(angular): add note about standalone components (#1411)
siemens/ix: packages/documentation/docs/installation/angular.md

sidebar_title: Angular
title: Angular
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

### Library installation

:::info

> Currently, Angular standalone components are not supported by iX. We are actively working to provide support for them soon. Otherwise Siemens iX is fully compatible with Angular 17 and later versions.

Author: ```suggestion
Currently, iX only supports `NgModule` based Angular projects. We are actively working to provide support for the new standalone component based approach soon. Otherwise Siemens iX is fully compatible with Angular version 17 and higher.
```
